TODO's
- double -> float
  - ITourbookPreferences.BREAK_TIME_MIN_AVG_SPEED_AS 
  - ITourbookPreferences.BREAK_TIME_MIN_SLICE_SPEED_AS

-hide log in the UI for these errors

C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W020.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W020.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W020.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W019.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W019.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W019.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W018.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W018.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W018.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W017.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W017.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W017.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W016.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W016.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W016.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W015.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W015.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W015.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W014.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W014.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W014.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W013.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W013.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W013.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W012.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N56W012.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N56W012.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W023.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N55W023.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W023.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W022.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N55W022.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W022.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W021.hgt (The system cannot find the file specified)
load http://dds.cr.usgs.gov/srtm/version2_1/SRTM3/Islands/N55W021.hgt.zip
handleError: C:\offline-srtm\srtm3\N55W021.hgt: zipEntry is null
java.lang.Exception: zipEntry is null
        at net.tourbook.srtm.FileZip.unzip(FileZip.java:85)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.initSRTM3(ElevationFile.java:178)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationFile.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:53)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3$SRTM3ElevationFile.<init>(ElevationSRTM3.java:36)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:204)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGridDouble(ElevationBase.java:116)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationBase.getElevationGrid(ElevationBase.java:94)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationSRTM3.getElevation(ElevationSRTM3.java:177)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.ElevationLayer.getElevation(ElevationLayer.java:49)
        at net.tourbook.srtm.tilefactory.SRTMMapProvider.drawTile(SRTMMapProvider.java:136)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.paintTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:366)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.getTileImage(TileImageLoader.java:112)
        at de.byteholder.geoclipse.map.TileImageLoader.run(TileImageLoader.java:464)
        at java.util.concurrent.Executors$RunnableAdapter.call(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask$Sync.innerRun(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.runTask(Unknown Source)
        at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(Unknown Source)
        at java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)